Forensic/Cryptograpy Challenge 1:
Points: 40
File: file1.wav
Question: We've sent the following secret message channel on your Pokegear.
Hint: I can't believe you have the audacity to ask for a hint.
Answer:



Forensic Challenge 2:
Points: 10
File: file2.png
Question: This is a generic picture. What is the exposure time of this photograph?
Hint: Exiftool may be of some use.
Answer:



Forensic/Cryptography Challenge 3:
Points 50
File: file3.png
Question: Nothing unusal about a FAST logo right! Format: "FASTCTF{FLAG}"
Hint: Ave, True to Ceaser. There also appears to be some low level genin justu at play...
Answer:



Forensic/Cryptography Challenge 4:
Points 50
File: file4
Question: The flag is in there somewhere, I swear. Format: "fastctf{flag}"
Hint: This archive appears to be password protected. Maybe a certain Cat can lend a hand?
Answer:



Programming Challenge 5:
Points 20 
File: file5.exe 
Question: Here's a simple C program. What's the password? Format: "fastctf{flag}"
Hint: The C is so full, it's overflowing!
Answer:



Forensic Challenge 6:
Points 50
File: file6.E01
Question: What is the original modification time by the kernel of the document "New Text Document.txt"? Format: 
Hint: It appears this file has been timestomped. AnalyzeMFT may be able to help.
Answer:



Forensic Challenge 7:
Points 20
File: file7.JPEG
Question: The flag is in this image. What is it? Format: fastctf{flag} 
Hint: The magic is missing, don't believe the image now.
Answer:



Forensic Challenge 8:
Points 40
File: file8.zip
Question: What is the MAC address of the computer these files originated from? 
Hint: One of these files is the missing lnk to your answer.
Answer:



Forensic/Cryptography Challenge 9:
Points 25
File: file9.zip
Question: What is the name of the executable with the MD5 hash of cdc47d670159eef60916ca03a9d4a007 that performs a mailicous task? (Don't worry none of these will actually harm your computer).  
No Hint.
Answer:



Programming/Retard Challenge 10:
Points: 5
File: file10.zip
Question: The flag is inside this Windows Batch file.
Hint: Strings is faster than restarting your computer.
Answer:



Forensic Challenge 11:
Points: 15
File: file11.txt
Question: Find the flag in this text document!
Hint: If you are having trouble with this bit, shift your focus.
Answer:



Forensic Challenge 12:
Points: 20
File: file12.zip
Question: When was the flag deleted? Format: "YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS"
Hint: Utilizzare uno strumento chiamato rifiuti.
Answer:
